<div class="rectangle boxContentIndex layer1 active" style="transform: translate(0%, 50%) skew(0deg, -15deg); opacity: 1;"></div>
Цвет желто-золотой #ffc522

thailand's original premium lager
Founded in 1933 by the lionhearted Phraya Bhirom Bhakdi, Thailand’s first Master Brewer, Singha has stolen hearts across Thailand and has earned the coveted spot of being the most-loved premium beer in the country. Since Singha’s iconic conception, we have been creating unforgettable experiences for Thais in the Land of Smiles. Whether it’s over a big family meal or an intimate get-together with friends, we believe stories are best swapped with a cold, refreshing bottle in hand.
Singha is a beer for the bold. It is a beer for those with an explorer’s mindset, always seeking fresh and authentic Thai experiences to transform moments in their day-to-day lives from the ordinary to the extraordinary. When you enjoy a Singha, you unbottle the joyful Thai spirit and find magic in every second of life.

THE GOLDEN MYSTICAL LION
More than just serving as the Singha logo, our mystical golden lion has become an iconic symbol that needs no further explanation. It was inspired by one of the four great lions in Thai literature, which Thai folk believe to be the king of the Himmapan Forest. Singha’s current logo is a refined version of the former yellow lion.

GARUDA
Just like other Thai banks and trusted local companies, the story behind the Garuda image on our beer bottle can be traced back to 1939 when King Rama VIII granted Boon Rawd Brewery the permission to bear the iconic symbol. At that time, the Garuda denoted the highest honour for companies; this special recognition meant that Singha had earned its place as a trusted and financially stable company producing high quality goods. After receiving permission to use this distinguished symbol, the Bhirombhakdi family has proudly presented the Garuda on all office buildings, factories, and even on every Singha product tag.

drinking responsibly.
what does it really mean?
Drinking responsibly doesn’t just mean being personally smart and not driving drunk. It means expanding your social responsibility to also look out
for your circle of friends and family. It also means being responsible to the environment. You can do your part by choosing products that have been
produced in an eco-friendly manner and then properly disposing of them by recycling.

EVERYDAY
PLEASURES
Singha represents the joyful Thai spirit that helps spark magic in every moment and satisfies a thirst for an elevated way of living. It’s a beer that makes unwinding with colleagues after a grueling day of work more exciting, sports events more exhilarating, and celebrations more exceptional. We’re a beer that serves you everyday pleasures in an authentic Thai spirit amidst the adventure that is your life.

born in bangkok
brewed for the world.
In alignment with our mission to become a premium icon both globally and at home in Thailand, Singha beer is now enjoyed in more than 58 countries and counting.
That’s millions of customers who turn to Singha to unwind at the end of a long day, or for a few moments of peace in the middle of a hectic one.

And to help maintain the highest quality and optimum freshness,
Singha has now created new strategic partnerships in key international markets to better serve our customers.

The ingredients of enjoyment
Made with a signature blend comprising of 100% premium malt and barley using the world’s finest Saaz hops and slow-brewed with the purest Thai spring water, comes the most iconic taste of Thailand: Singha.

INTRODUCING
SINGHA RESERVE
Our master brewer has created a full bodied 5.3% lager beer, brewed with longer brewing maturation, delivering a rich flavor with uplifting hoppy and floral notes.

Born in Bangkok
Brewed for the world
As part of our mission to become a global icon and the favourite, premium Thai beer, Singha is now enjoyed in more than 40 countries and counting. And to help maintain the highest quality and optimum freshness, Singha has now created new strategic partnerships in key international markets to better serve our customers.

EVERYDAY PLEASURES
Singha represents the joyful Thai spirit that helps spark magic in every moment and satisfy a thirst for an elevated way of living. It’s a beer that makes after-work more exciting, sports events more exhilarating and celebrations more exceptional. We’re a beer that lifts-up every moment to be more authentically Thai on the adventure that is your life.

Thainess, unbottled
For millions of people around the world, Singha beer is synonymous with their Thai experience. It’s the beer that allows them a glimpse into true Thai culture: how Thais are celebrators of life and sharers of good times, with a welcoming spirit of generosity and a ready smile for all. It’s the beer that evokes the everyday pleasures that make life worth living, where the extraordinary and unforgettable are daily occurrences.

For those who truly long for the Thai experience, click on the button below to keep yourself updated on the latest Thai cultural happenings.
SINGHA's
INGREDIENTS
INFO
A LOOK AT SINGHA’S INGREDIENTS ​

The secret to Singha’s signature uplifting taste lies in the ingredient sourcing process. The finest ingredients from only the best produce elevate Singha beer to global quality standards, in terms of flavour, color, and aroma.

SAAZ HOPS
A premium variety of hops made in Europe with a refreshing one-of-a-kind taste featuring floral and herbal notes that will add a zing to your day.

BARLEY MALT
Singha meets international standards as the only Thai brewer that purely uses 100% premium barley for a distinctively tasty sip.

thailand's original premium lager
Founded in 1933 by the lionhearted Phraya Bhirom Bhakdi, Thailand’s first Master Brewer, Singha has stolen hearts across Thailand and has earned the coveted spot of being the most-loved premium beer in the country. Since Singha’s iconic conception, we have been creating unforgettable experiences for Thais in the Land of Smiles. Whether it’s over a big family meal or an intimate get-together with friends, we believe stories are best swapped with a cold, refreshing bottle in hand.
Singha is a beer for the bold. It is a beer for those with an explorer’s mindset, always seeking fresh and authentic Thai experiences to transform moments in their day-to-day lives from the ordinary to the extraordinary. When you enjoy a Singha, you unbottle the joyful Thai spirit and find magic in every second of life.

AWARDS
symbols of singha
GARUDA
Just like other Thai banks and trusted local companies, the story behind the Garuda image on our beer bottle can be traced back to 1939 when King Rama VIII granted Boon Rawd Brewery the permission to bear the iconic symbol. At that time, the Garuda denoted the highest honour for companies; this special recognition meant that Singha had earned its place as a trusted and financially stable company producing high quality goods. After receiving permission to use this distinguished symbol, the Bhirombhakdi family has proudly presented the Garuda on all office buildings, factories, and even on every Singha product tag.

THE GOLDEN MYSTICAL LION
More than just serving as the Singha logo, our mystical golden lion has become an iconic symbol that needs no further explanation. It was inspired by one of the four great lions in Thai literature, which Thai folk believe to be the king of the Himmapan Forest. Singha’s current logo is a refined version of the former yellow lion.



